Title: Publications 
page_order: 3


**Quaresima, A.**, Fitz, H., Duarte, R., Hagoort, P.,& Petersson, K. M.
(2023). Dendrites support the formation and reactivation of sequential
memories through Hebbian plasticity. bioRxiv 2023.09.26.559322; doi:
https://doi.org/10.1101/2023.09.26.559322

**Quaresima, A.**, Fitz, H., Duarte, R., Van den Broek, D., Hagoort, P.,
& Petersson, K. M. (2022). The Tripod neuron: A minimal structural
reduction of the dendritic tree. The Journal of Physiology, 601(15),
3007-3437. doi:10.1113/JP283399.

## Presentations

**Quaresima, A.**, Fitz, H., Duarte, R., Hagoort, P., & Petersson, K. M.
(2023). Dendritic non-linearity supports the formation and reactivation
of word memories as cell assemblies. *Talk presented at the 15th Annual
Meeting of the Society for the Neurobiology of Language (SNL 2023).*

**Quaresima, A.**, Fitz, H., Duarte, R., Hagoort, P., & Petersson, K. M.
(2023). Dendrites support the formation and reactivation of sequential
memories through Hebbian plasticity. *Talk presented at the Spiking
Neural networks as Universal Function Approximators conference (SNUFA
2023).*

## Posters

**Quaresima, A.**, Fitz, H., Duarte, R., Hagoort, P., & Petersson, K. M.
(2023). Dendritic non-linearity supports the formation and reactivation
of word memories as cell assemblies. *Poster presented at the 15th
Annual Meeting of the Society for the Neurobiology of Language (SNL
2023), Marseille, France.*

**Quaresima, A.** (2022). Temporal order is made easy with heterogeneous
timescales. Poster presented at the IMPRS Conference 2022, Nijmegen, the
Netherlands.

**Quaresima, A.**, Van den Broek, D., Fitz, H., Duarte, R., Hagoort, P.,
& Petersson, K. M. (2022). The Tripod neuron: a minimal model of dendric
computation. Poster presented at Dendrites 2022: Dendritic anatomy,
molecules and function, Heraklion, Greece.

**Quaresima, A.**, Fitz, H., Duarte, R., Van den Broek, D., Hagoort, P.,
& Petersson, K. M. (2022). Dendritic NMDARs facilitate Up and Down
states. *Poster presented at Bernstein Conference 2022, Berlin,
Germany.*

Vlachos, P.-E., **Quaresima, A.**, & Fitz, H. (2022). Sequence learning
and replay through excitatory and inhibitory synaptic plasticity in
recurrent spiking neural networks. *Poster presented at Bernstein
Conference 2022, Berlin, Germany.*

**Quaresima, A.**, Van den Broek, D., Fitz, H., Duarte, R., & Petersson,
K. M. (2020). A minimal reduction of dendritic structure and its
functional implication for sequence processing in biological neurons.
*Poster presented at the Twelfth Annual (Virtual) Meeting of the Society
for the Neurobiology of Language (SNL 2020)*

**Quaresima, A.**, Duarte, R., & Fitz, H. (2019). Review of
computational models of cortical microcircuits. *Poster presented at the
Max Planck Neuro Symposium. Max Planck Institute of Neurobiology,
Martinsried, Germany.*
